1 kilo calorie = 4200 J (Approximately).
10 simple tricks to find adulterated food.
100 g of water can take away more heat than 100 g of oil.
A bat can hear the sounds of frequencies higher than 20,000 Hz.
A circle whose radius is 7 cm.
A compass needle, also known as plotting compass or magnetic needle, consists of a tiny pivoted magnet in the form of a pointer,which can rotate freely in the horizontal plane.
A flame produced is also seen near the surface.
A known weight W2 and an unknown weight W1 are suspended from to either side of the the scale using the weight hangers.
A metre scale is supported at its centre of gravity by a knife edge or suspended by using a thread tied to its centre so that the scale is in the horizontal position.
A neutral object can become positively charged when electrons get transferred to another object; not by receiving extra positive charges.
A pinch of crystalline copper sulphate taken in a test tube and heated for sometime.
A rectangle whose length is 12 cm and breadth is 4 cm.
A square whose side is 6 cm.
A sugar crystal is also made up of molecules.
A thistle funnel whose mouth is covered with a semipermeable membrane, is filled with sucrose solution.
A triangle whose base is 6 cm and height is 8 cm.
A white material surrounds the yellow part.
Add a drop of distilled water to the crushed material on the glass slide.
Add a few drops of crystal violet and leave it for 30 to 60 seconds.
Add beet root extract slowly.
Add few pieces of magnesium ribbon slowly.
Add half a teaspoon of salt and six teaspoons of sugar to it.
Add one or two drops of liquid soap to each test tube.
Add one tea spoon full of each one to a glass of water and stir well.
Add some clay with them and roll them into small balls.
Add some dilute hydrochloric acid.
Add some water to the test tube and shake it.
Add some yeast and leave the vessel closed for few hours under sunlight.
Add the next packet containing 11 g salt followed by constant stirring .
Add the silver nitrate crystals to water and shake well.
Add two drops of methylene blue stain.
Add two or three drops of dilute Iodine solution on the sample.
Add water drop by drop to the anhydrous copper (II) sulphate.
Adjust the rheostat and change the current in steps of 0.5A (that is 0.5A, 1.0A, 1.5A, etc.).
Adjust the rheostat such that the ammeter reads a current of 0.5 ampere.
After a few moments the tissue paper will submerge and the paper clip will make a small depression on the surface of the water.
After all the water get evaporated observe the inner wall of the vessel.
After few hours, you can clearly see how the stem has bent and grown towards the light.
After finishing this click on ‘Next”.
After four days place the bread on a slide and observe it through microscope.
After rainfall, large number of droplets still remain suspended in the air.
After the test tube is cooled down, add two drops of Copper sulphate solution and Sodium hydroxide solution to it.
Again strike the dish and touch it.
Again, strike the pan with the stick and hold it tightly with your hands, immediately after striking.
All metals are good conductors of heat.
All the F1 hybrid plants were tall (Tt).
Allow flowers to dry completely.
Allow them to dry under the sun for two or three days.
Alnico cow magnet is used to attract sharp iron wire and other iron objects that may be ingested by animals while grazing thereby causing damage to their digestive tract.
Also discuss in the class room about the importance of preserving and protecting food grains.
Also ensure that the copper and the carbon rod do not touch each other, but are close enough.
Also identify the name of the groups in which they are present.
Also identify the type of coal found in those areas.
Also list out the petroleum refineries in India.
Also organise a ralley on protecting forest.
Also prepare an album of the rockets launched by India.
Also take a balloon and tie it tightly over one end of the plastic pipe.
Also, debate on the advantages and disadvantages of modern irrigation systems like sprinkler system and drip system.
Also, find their area using appropriate formula.
Among these ores, magnetite has more magnetic property.
Amplitude is the maximum displacement of a vibrating particle from its mean position.
Answer the following questions.
Apart from diet what are the other lifestyle modifications to be followed to manage this condition.
Are they attracted by the comb? No.
Are they attracted? .
Are they familiar to you?.
Are they same or different?
As more and more air is removed from the jar, the sound from the mobile phone becomes feebler and finally, very faint.
As the banana continues to ripen in the first bag, it produces ethylene gas.
As the cloud passes in front of the moon you sometimes think it is the moon which is moving behind the cloud.
Ask four or five of your friends to run a race from one end of the school to the other end.
Assign the valency for Phosphorus, Chlorine,Silicon and Argon.
At the same time watch for constant temperature at which liquid and solid are present.
Avoid the swiping of the magnet back and forth.
Bats produce ultrasonic sound during screaming.
Boil a hen’s egg and remove the shell.
Boil about 100 ml of ground water in a vessel to dryness.
Boil the water in the beaker.
Boil them in hot water and filter the extract.
Brass is an alloy made up of approx 30% zinc and 70% copper.
Bring a negatively charged plastic rod near a neutral rod.
Bring it near your ear.
Bring the north pole of this magnet close to the north pole of the suspended magnet.
Bring this charged ebonite rod near the paper cylinder.
Brush the collected pollen grains on the stigma with a soft paint brush.
Burn it and drop it inside the flask.
Bury a potato in one pot.
But if the eel repeatedly shocks, its electric organs become completely discharged.
Buy some fresh yeast from a grocery shop.
Calculate the approximate ‘heart beat’ of a man in a day.
Calculate your heart rate in beats per minute.
Calculate your resting heart rate in beats per minute.
Can we reach all the planets in the solar system?.
Can we say that air has mass?.
Can you answer the following questions?.
Can you feel the dish vibrating?.
Can you figure out any shape?.
Can you help him?.
Can you make your own electromagnet?.
Can you observe any deposits?.
Can you produce the same bright spot with the help of any other object having a rough surface?.
Can you say the reason?.
Can you say why?.
Can you see a bright spot on the wall?.
Can you see group of stars?.
Can you see that the tip of aluminium foil starts melting?.
Can you tell the direction in which the stone moves after it is released?.
Care must be taken while mixing any concentrated inorganic acid with water.
Carefully observe the shape of each specimen.
Catch them using an insect net and observe their body and legs.
Caution: Be careful while handling the glass pieces.
Caution: Heat the oil under the supervision of your teacher.
Check it by placing grains of saw dust over the water.
Check who is fast?.
Choose a small soft stemed plant.
Choose any ten varieties of plants and place them under the appropriate habitats.
Choose three to four male flowers.
Classify the following ions into monovalent, divalent and trivalent.
Click ‘Import Picture’ in the next screen.
Click ‘View your story’.
Close the key and the circuit .
Coffee powder floats.
Collect about 5 ml of tap water in a test tube.
Collect and share information on common adulterants and their
Collect as many food items as you can and classify them according to the major nutrient content in them.
Collect as many pictures of wild plants and wild animals as possible.
Collect at least five medicinal plants from your locality.
Collect data on the number of students in your class who exercise regularly and who do not exercise regularly.
Collect information about a nearby forest in your area and find out the rare species of plants and animals found there.
Collect information regarding the (i) Tehri Dam project (ii) Sardar Sarovar Dam projec.
Collect more information about the properties of fundamental particles and prepare a chart.
Collect more information on balanced diet and prepare a chart.
Collect pictures of individuals with normal liver and alcoholic liver, compare and indicate the changes you find in them.
Collect pictures of people affected by tobacco chewing and tobacco smoking.
Collect some flowering plants from your surrounding and classify them as monocot or dicot based on their root system and venation.
Collect some flowers and press them between pages of newspaper or book.
Collect some pictures of plants and animals which you do not find around you and prepare an album.
Collect some plants which are growing inside your school area.
Collect the dried flowers and paste them in an album.
Collect the following information.
Collect the pictures of various ecosystems
Compare each pair’s results with the rest of the class and determine whether those with larger bisceps were able to do more lifts.
Compare the distance covered by the car through the path ABC and AC.
Compare the results obtained in two methods by tabulating them.
Compare your answers withothers.
Compare your observation with fullerene and discuss with your friends.
Compare your response with that of your friends.
Compare your values with modern clocks.
Connect a battery, an ammeter and a lamp in series as shown in the figure.
Connect a thin pin to two lengths of wire.
Connect an iron spoon to the negative terminal of the battery.
Connect the battery, ammeter, given wire, rheostat and key in series, as shown in the circuit diagram.
Connect the carbon rod to the negative terminal of an electric cell and copper wire to the positive terminal of the cell.
Connect the nails to the two terminals of a 6V battery through a bulb and a switch as shown in Figure.
Connect the voltmeter in parallel to the unknown resistor.
Connect the wire such that current flows up the wire.
Connect the wires to the terminals of electric cell, may be of 9V.
Construct a model of the human digestive system using simple materials like funnel, pipe, cellotape and clean bag.
Construct a sundial of your own and read out the values from morning to evening.
Construct the galvanic cell using lemon and potato.
Construct your own beam balance using two scrapped coconut shells,strings or twines, thick cardboard as frame and a little sharpened pencil as index needle.
Constructing a model of lungs.
Convex mirrors used in vehicles as rear-view mirrors are labeled with the safety warning: ‘Objects in the mirror are closer than they appear’.
Cooking in a place located at a higher altitude is difficult.
Count how many hexagonal and pentagonal panels are in it.
Count the number of segments.
Cover one of its leaves with the thin strip of black paper as shown in the picture.
Cover the sides of the mirrors with a chart paper.
Create a model of a neuron using clay or beads.
Crush the nodules on a clean glass slide.
Cut a 2cm long piece from an old ball-pen refill and make a hole in its center with a divider point (Fig. 1).
Cut a large balloon into two halves and fix one half tightly around the open part of the bottle.
Cut a small piece of sodium with a knife and carefully drop it in the water.
Cut an arrow shaped strip from aluminium foil.
Cut the stem horizontally near the base with a blade in the morning.
Destarch it by keeping in dark room for 24 hours.
detection in food stuff in the class.
Determine the thickness of a single sheet of your science textbook with the help of a Screw gauge.
Dip a cotton wick in honey and light it with a match stick.
Direct its reflecting surface towards the sun.
Direct the light reflected by the mirror onto a sheet of paper held not very far from the mirror.
Discuss about afforestation in the class and write a brief report on your discussion.
Discuss about the uses and advantages of bio gas.
Discuss in the class room about what you observed.
Discuss in the class room.
Discuss in your class room about the importance of crop insurance to farmers.
Discuss why Kalpana Chawla is an inspiration to all of us.
Discuss with your group members and note down your points.
Discuss with your teacher.
Discuss with your teachers and find out their name.
Dispersion of white light from a large number of droplets eventually forms a rainbow.
Display the chart in your class and discuss its importance.
Dissect it longitudinally as shown in the figure and find the parts inside the flower.
Dissolve sugar in water.
Divide the mixture into two equal halves.
Divide the students in your class into different groups (Form separate groups for boys and girls).
Do corrections in the small screen which appears.
Do not fill the cylinder completel.
Do this under the supervision of your teacher.
Do water particles move away from the point of disturbance?.
Do you exercise regularly?.
Do you experience any pull or push in your hand?.
Do you feel the heat?.
Do you feel the shock in your hand?.
Do you feel the vibrations?.
Do you find any difference?.
Do you find any increase in the temperature?.
Do you find difference in the kind of sound produced?.
Do you hear any sound?.
Do you keep yourself clean?.
Do you notice any colour change in the powder?.
Do you notice any difference in their fitness and health?.
Do you observe any change in the colour? Why?.
Do you recognize any change?.
Do you see any movement on the water surface?.
Do you see any planet?.
Do you see the iron filings being attracted by the magnet?.
Do you see your whole body?.
Do you still hear the sound?.
Do you think you need to change yourself?.
Does it appear straight? No.
Does the bulb glow in all cases?.
Does the bulb glow? Now move the electric switch to the ‘ON’ position and let the bulb glow for a minute or so.
Does the image become smaller or larger?.
Does the LED bulb glow?.
Does this data remain same throughout the year.
Draw a curved line AB on a piece of paper.
Draw a labelled sketch and write the location and function of the tissues observed.
Draw a neat labelled diagram.
Draw a neat labelled sketch.
Draw the following regularly shaped figures on a graph sheet and find their area by the graphical method.
Draw the model of the following pairs of isotones:(i)Fluorine & Neon (ii) Sodium & Magnesium (iii) Aluminum and Silicon.
Draw the picture of this leaf and mark the patches of cholorphyll on the leaf.
Draw the structures of the isotopes of oxygen O16 and O18.
Drop a few crystals of potassium permanganate down to the bottom of a beaker containing water.
Drop a piece of magnesium or a piece of zinc metal.
Drop them simultaneously from the same height.
Dry the glass slide with the scrap cells taken from the inner side of cheek.
During lightning and thunder, we should avoid standing in ground or open spaces.
Dust the pollen grains on a slide and observe under a microscope.
Each group can make models of 4 elements by using available materials like balls, beads, string etc.
Each particle is really a very tiny bar magnet about 20 millionth of an inch long.
Earth’s magnet is 20 times more powerful than a fridge magnet.
Electric wires used for long distance transmission of electricity will expand during day time and contract at night.
Ensure that it is not dried up and the skin still looks fresh.
Ensure that the head is a fine point.
Ensure that the scale is in equilibrium position.
Ensure that there are no magnetic substances placed near it.
Ensure to make small holes with a pin to allow air flow.
Every corner is considered as one carbon.
Example for a longitudinal wave.
Fasten the plastic wrap around the rim of the large container with the rubber band.
Fill a bucket with water and place the bag in the water bucket and squeeze the toy or ring the mobile.
Fill a trough with water.
Fill both pots with soil mixed with compost or manure.
Fill in the blanks in the following table based on the concept of water of crystallisation.
Fill water in the large container and cover it with plastic wrap.
Finally, count the number of squares that are less than half.
Find out how it is prepared.
Find out the activities carried out in those centres.
Find out the irrigation system followed in your area.
Find out the meaning of the symbols known to you.
Find out the national parks and wildlife santuaries in Tamil Nadu.
Find out the reason.
Find out where petroleum is extracted on a large scale in India.
Find out with the help of your teacher.
Find the approximate weight of lighter things like leaves, piece of papers etc.
Find the least count of the Vernier caliper.
Find the pair of elements having similar properties by applying Newlands’ law of Octaves (Example: Mg & Ca).
Find the zero correction of the Vernier caliper.
Find which object is heavier.
First connect the nail in the circuit as shown in the figure.
First we have to scan the picture we have drawn in the computer.
Fix a match stick to one end of each rod using a little melted wax.
Fix a matrix of sharp pins on a wooden board in rows and columns.
Fix a rubber balloon at the lower end of the tube.
Fix the object firmly in between the two lower jaws of the Vernier.
Fix the position of one weight hanger and adjust the position of the second weight hanger such that the scale is in equilibrium.
Fix two nails on a cork and place the cork in a 100 ml beaker.
Fix two small balloons in both the ends of the Y-tube.
Follow the steps to make ORS at home.
For each current, note down the corresponding potential difference as shown by the voltmeter.
For example, metals like aluminium, copper are good conductors of electricity.
For obtaining maximum speed adjust the wires so that air is directed towards the ends of the spinner.
Form a group of 5 members.
Form a team of three to four students.
Frequency is the number of vibrations of a particle in the medium, in one second.
From the news paper or television, collect the highest and lowest temperature experienced in your nearest town or city for a week and record the values in a tabular column.
From the submenu, select ‘Trace Bitmap’ option.
From this it is observed that hydrogen gas is formed due to the reaction between acid and metal (Do it under the supervision of the teacher).
From your table what do you understand?.
Further heating rapidly increases the amount of radiation, and its perceived colour becomes orange, yellow and finally white.
Gather information about the planets in the solar system.
Gently disturb the suspended magnet.
Gently lift it and place it on a piece of blotting or filter paper.
Gently place the paper clip on the tissue paper.
Gently tap the table.
Hang it at a convenient place in such a way that it does not touch anything.
Hang the test tube in the conical flask.
Have you enjoyed with simple spinner? Do you observe the motions in the toy?.
Have you noticed that the shape of a boat is somewhat like a fish?.
Have your partner to count your heart beats for 15 seconds after you jog or run for 5 minutes.
Have your partner to find the pulse in your wrist and count your heartbeats for 15 seconds while you are seated.
Heat a small piece of phosphorous and introduce it into the oxygen jar.
Heat a strip of magnesium ribbon in the flame till it catches fire and introduce it into the jar containing oxygen.
Heat the slide slightly on a lamp( 3 – 4 seconds).
Heat the water for few minutes and note the temperature again.
Heat them till they reach a particular temperature.
Heat transfer by radiation is visible to our eyes.
Height of the mirror= Your height/2.
Hence it is proved that during a physical change, the total mass of matter remains the same.
Hence, it is proved that during a chemical change, the total mass of matter remains the same.
Hold a concave mirror in your hand or place it in a stand.
Hold a pencil close to the mirror in the upright position in the other hand.
Hold another bar magnet in your hand.
Hold the other end of the rope and rotate it such that the stone follows a circular path.
How did the heat which was supplied at the bottom reach the top?.
How do astronauts communicate with each other?.
How does it occur?.
How does the pencil look now?.
How is it possible to have three images with two mirrors?.
How is it possible?.
How it gets transmitted?.
How many images do you see in the mirrors?.
Identify the cells under low and high power of the microscope.
Identify the given plant and animal tissues.
Identify the insects and birds that act as pollinating agents.
Identify the plant and try to find out its medicinal value.
Identify whether the given substance is mixture or compound and justify your answer.
Identify which part of the body is affected and the health hazards it can lead to.
Identity their anode, cathode and electrolyte.
If a positively charged glass rod is brought close to a negatively charged ebonite rod, the rods will move toward each other as they attract.
If a positively charged glass rod is brought near another glass rod, the rods will move apart as they repel each other.
If chalk powder is added as an adulterant, it will settle down.
If it is adulterated with tamarind powder it settles down.
If required, we can edit the image and click on ‘Next”.
If the above observation is not noticed for the given salt, the water of hydration is absent.
If they are not seen clearly, gently pluck off the sepals and petals.
If they are set very tightly they will break when they cool at night.
If water is added to acid, the mixture splashes out of the container and it may cause burns.
If you join all the points you will find that it is a circle.
If you push the magnet slowly towards the paper clips, there will be a point at which the paper clips jump across and stick to the magnet.
If you touch the paper cylinder by the charged rod, you will see the paper cylinder repelling the rod.
Illustrate Gay Lussac’s law using this example.
Immerse both the copper wire and carbon rod in the copper sulphate solution.
Immerse the leaf in boiling water followed by alcohol and test it for starch using iodine solution.
Immerse the leaf in boiling water for a few minutes and then in alcohol to remove chlorophyll.
Immerse the stone inside the water by holding the thread.
In a 250ml beaker ,pour 100 ml water using measuring jar.
In a short time it will come to rest.
In an outline map of India mark the places where coal mines are found.
In another bag place two or three unripe tomatoes only and roll the top closed'
In both the sachets, it is written 100ml.
In case of ground nut, crush the groundnut and place it on a paper.
In few minutes, it will fall through the ring.
In his honour it is called as Dewar flask.
In one test tube pour some water and put an iron nail.
In that select ‘Begin a new story’ and click on ‘Next’.
In the same manner cover the bottom of the mirrors also.
In what way it will be helpful to the people in rural area?.
In which of the above two surfaces do you find that the earthworm is able to move easily?.
In which part of the magnet they are attracted?.
In which process was it easy to move the boat?.
Indicate its microbial importance or disease caused.
Inflate it and now lift it again.
Insert the lower end of the pipette into the given liquid and suck the solution slowly till the solution rises well above the circular mark on the stem.
Instead they merely move up and down about their mean position.
Invert a test tube filled with water over the stem of the funnel.
Is air a pure substance or Mixture?.
Is Brass a pure substance or a mixture or compound?.
Is it diminished or enlarged?.
Is it the path ABCD or the path ACD or the path AD?.
Is the bulb glowing?.
Is the image erect or inverted?.
Is there a change in the weight?.
Is there only one way of doing it or more ways?.
It burns with a dazzling bright light and white ash of magnesium oxide is formed.
It can be seen that the weight of the flask and the contents remains the same before and after the chemical change.
It can be seen that water is squirting out with more pressure than oil.
It enables them to find their way back home even if you take them to a place where they have never been before.
It floats above its tracks due to strong magnetic forces applied by computer controlled electromagnets.
It is a part of the single cell.
It is a physical change ie., ice cubes melt and they are converted into liquid.
It is because heat energy in the water is transferred to the ice.
It is because the light rays falling on the mirror are bounced onto the wall.
It is denoted by ‘A’.
It is denoted by ‘n’.
It is denoted by the Greek letter ‘λ’.
It is due to the evolution of natural gas.
It is however safe to stay inside a car because the car acts as a shield and protects us from the electric field generated by the storm.
It is kept inverted in a beaker containing water.
It is less during winter and more during summer.
It is observed that the match stick on the copper rod would fall first, showing copper as the best conductor followed by aluminum, brass and iron.
It is the amount of current flowing in the circuit.
It is the fastest train in the world.
It produces waves, which spread rapidly over the surface of water and they travel in all directions.
It remains the same.
It shows that the water poured in the pipe exerts a pressure on the bottom of its container.
It will appear to be bent at the surface of the water. Why?.
It will be 0 0C.
It will be cold.
It will be hot now.
It will instantly begin to float on the surface,even though it is denser than water.
It will not enter the flask.
It will not pass through the ring.
It’s also known as Dewar bottle.
Keep a flower pot containing water, plugged at the bottom at the centre of the glass trough.
Keep it for a day or two.
Keep the apparatus in the sunlight for few hours.
Keep the arrow shaped foil on a wooden board.
Keep the first half of the mixture as it is, but heat the second half of the mixture.
Keep the metal ball on the ring for some time.
Keep the potted plant in bright sunlight for 4 to 6 hours.
Keep the switch in the ‘OFF’ position.
Keep the test tube opened for few days.
Keep this under sun for few hours.
Label its parts and write which parts help in the various steps of digestion.
Label them as dilute and concentrated solution and justify your answer.
Leave it aside for about ten minutes.
Leave the carrot in water for two to three days.
Leave the set up for a few days.
Leave the spoon inside the water for some time.
Let each of the student bring any food packet (jam, juice, pickle, bread, biscuit, etc).
Let it be Q.
Let the current flow.
Let us empty two sachets and pour the juice into the following glasses.
Let us enjoy by making a simple spinner.
Let us take two sachets of juice.
Lift an uninflated cycle tube.
Lightning's extreme heat will vaporize the water inside a tree, creating steam that may burn out the tree.
like lakes, ponds, forests, deserts, mountains, and polar regions and prepare a chart of animals living in these places.
List out various convex and concave mirrors used in daily life.
List out which of these things are attracted by the magnet
List the objects which remain fixed at their position and the objects which keep on changing their position.
Listen to the audio of any musical instrument like flute, nathaswaram, tabla, drums, veena etc.
Look around you.
Look at the electrical symbols used in the circuit.
Look at the following pictures.
Look at the model given below.
Look at the objects given below.
Look at the picture given below and prepare a chart for the following interpretation.
Look at the surface of water.
Maglev train (Magnetic levitation train) has no wheels.
Magnetisation is a process in which a substance is made a permanent or temporary magnet by exposing it to an external magnetic field.
Magnetite is an oxide ore of iron with the formula Fe3O4.
Maintain a record of pollinating agents and the plants.
Make a drawing of the parts and arrange them in your notebook.
Make a hole in the cork and fix the y-tube.
Make a model of a digital clock using match sticks on a card board, with date and time.
Make a model of a rocket using the low cost materials available to you.
Make a model of an analog clock using card board.
Make a paper boat, put it in water and push it with narrow end pointing forward.
Make a small hole in the cork and fix the y-tube through the hole as shown in the picture.
Make an electric circuit as shown in the figure.
Make groups of five.
Make holes in the two containers at the same level.
Make it by the following instruction.
Make models of the molecules of compounds by using match sticks and clay balls as shown below.
make sure that the leaf is covered on both sides.
Make sure that the string covers every bit of the curved line.
Make tiny holes on its surface with a pin at different points.
Mark the points where the curved line begins and ends on the string.
Mark the position of the other end.
Mark the starting point and the ending point.
Materials required Y shaped tube, a large balloon, two small balloons, a one litre plastic bottle, cork.
Materials which do not allow electric charges to pass through them easily are called insulators.
Measure the diameter of the wire using a screw gauge.
Measure the distance d1 and d2 of the two weight hangers from the centre of the scale accurately.
Measure the distances.
Measure the height and weight of all the students in each group and find out the average.
Measure the height of water in each test tube with a scale.
Measure the length and breadth of your science book using a ruler (scale) and compare your value with those of your friends.
Measure the length of the coil using metre scale
Measure the main scale reading and the Vernier scale coincidence.
Measure the size of your biceps and also ask your friends to do.
Measure their volume.
Measure them in a balance.
Measure your height with a scale.
Measuring the length of a curved line using a divider.
Meet a doctor or a health worker in the hospital and enquire about the following.
Melt the wax in a warm water bath.
Mention the preventive measures taken by the Government to check the disease.
Mention the structural details of the bacteria and virus.
Method of coating a glass plate with a thin layer of reflecting metals was in practice during the 16th century in Venice, Italy.
Method of Construction Cut off the plastic bottle in the middle.
Method of Working Hold the large balloon in the middle and pull it slowly downwards as shown in the picture.
Mix two tablespoons of this in a glass of water and stir it well.
Most metals produce ringing sound when struck i.e. they are sonorous.
Move it along the line again and again cutting the line into number of segments of equal lengths.
Move the pencil slowly away from the mirror.
Move the sheet of paper back and forth gradually until you find a bright, sharp spot of light on the paper.
Name some animals that exist in these habitats.
Name the organisms which you see in the slide.
Next select a title for the story and select the place where it has to be saved in your computer.
Next, count the number of squares which are half of a whole square. Note it as P.
Next, heat the test tube for about one minute.
Nitrogen combines with hydrogen to form ammonia (NH3).
Nonmetals are non sonorous.
Note down the details like name of the product, manufacturer’s details, contents, ingredients, net weight, Maximum Retail Price (MRP), date of manufacture, date of expiry/usage from the date of manufacture and standardized marks (ISI, AGMARK or FPO) printed on the label for each of the item.
Note down the potential difference across the resistor as shown by the voltmeter.
Note down the volume of water and take it as V2.
Note down the volume of water from the readings of the measuring cylinder.
Note the ammeter reading.
Note the kind of sound emitted.
Note: Difference between e.m.f and potential.
Now add the third packet containing 1 g salt .
Now bring a burning match stick near the mouth of the test tube.
Now comb your dry hair and place it near them.
Now gently raise one end of the glass plate, so as to allow the liquid to slide down the smooth surface of the plate.
Now heat the beaker again and record the temperature.
Now heat the ice in the beaker.
Now heat the metal ball and then try to pass it through the ring.
Now heat the water for some time.
Now hold the boat sideway and push it into water from the broad side.
Now leave the balloon free.
Now let the air inside the balloon to come out.
Now mix the two solutions by tilting and swirling the flask.
Now move magnet and mark the new position.
Now our video is ready to view.
Now place a few sugar crystals into water.
Now place your ear against the side of the bucket and squeeze the toy or ring the mobile phone again.
Now pour some dilute HCl in the beaker and switch on the current.
Now pour some water into it and let it flow through the holes.
Now rub the groundnut on the paper.
Now show a burning match stick near the mouth of the test tube.
Now slowly release the fore finger to let the liquid drop out until the lower meniscus touches the circular mark on the stem.
Now take a piece of paper.
Now take a small stone and tie it with a thread.
Now take an ebonite rod and charge it by rubbing it with a woollen cloth.
Now take the stones underwater and strike them.
Now the liquid in the pipette is exactly 20 ml.
Now touch the other end of the spoon.
Now touch the tuning fork with your finger.
Now we can input small text which is apt to the pictures.
Now weigh the container and compare the weight before and after the melting of ice cubes.
Now you all stand in front of a wall and mark your height on the wall.
Now, bring the iron nail near the steel pins.
Now, click the picture that appears on the present screen and drag it.
Now, close the screen of TRACE BITMAP.
Now, connect the pencil lead in the circuit.
Now, count the number of whole squares enclosed within the outline of the leaf.
Now, cover the top portion with the chart paper and make a hole in it to see.
Now, dip them in the copper sulphate solution.
Now, drop the sheet and the ball from the same height.
Now, hold the dish with your hands.
Now, keep a coin at the centre of the cardboard.
Now, keep the egg on the mouth of the flask.
Now, lie down on the sand.
Now, look at the pencil through the beaker.
Now, make one of the magnetic poles of the bar magnet touch one end of the iron nail.
Now, place another prism in its inverted position, between the first prism and the screen.
Now, place the second iron nail.
Now, pour some more water into the balloon and again observe the balloon.
Now, pour some water into it and let it flow through the holes.
Now, pump out the air from the bell jar using a vacuum pump.
Now, release the thread and let the stone go.
Now, repeat the same for the sample B.
Now, rotate it and see through its opening.
Now, stretch the string along the length of a meter scale and measure the distance between the two markings of the string and note it.
Now, strike a piece of wood charcoal with the same spoon.
Now, strike it with a stick.
Now, take a small eraser and a sheet of paper.
Now, the files in our computer will appear.
Now, the level of water will raise.
Now, turn it and find the image formed.
Now, upload this edited image and click on OK.
Now, what do you observe on the screen?.
Now, with the help of a torch, allow white light to pass through the prism.
Now, your flower album is ready.
Nowadays, a thin layer of molten aluminium or silver is used for coating glass plates that will then become mirrors.
Observe a cockroach and identify its legs and wings.
Observe a hen and crow.
Observe an earthworm moving on soil in the garden.
Observe it for some time.
Observe its movement now.
Observe the change in the balloons inside the bottle.
Observe the changes and record them.
Observe the changes closely.
Observe the changes in each beaker.
Observe the colour change.
Observe the external morphology of each specimen.
Observe the floral parts Calyx, Corolla,Androecium and Gynoecium.
Observe the flow of the water.
Observe the flow of water.
Observe the flowers in a garden.
Observe the image of the pencil in the mirror.
Observe the important days related to conservation of nature.
Observe the moon on a windy night with a fair bit of cloud cover in the sky.
Observe the mosquitoes that are active during the day time.
Observe the motion of a car as shown in the figure and answer the following questions.
Observe the preparation under compound microscope.
Observe the sky keenly during night.
Observe the slide under the compound microscope.
Observe the speed of each liquid.
Observe the surface of the slice with a magnifying glass.
Observe what happen in the beaker.
Observe what happen in the test tube.
Observe what happens to the paper pin after some time.
Observe what happens to the tomatoes?.
On blowing through the refill, the spinner rotates (Fig. 5).
On heating you will get a black brittle compound.
On what basis you can group them?.
Once flower buds appear, immediately identify ten female flower buds from a pumpkin plant.
Once the seedling has grown put it in a box with an opening for light on one side.
Open five out of ten bags containing female flowers.
Open the application of Microsoft Photostory.
Open the bottle and bring a glowing splinter near the mouth.
Pass the metal ball through the ring.
Phosphorous burns with suffocating smell and gives phosphorous pentoxide (white fumes).
Pigeons have extraordinary navigational abilities.
Place a bar magnet below the white sheet.
Place a carrot in a glass.
Place a drop of milk on a slanting polished surface. Pure milk flows slowly leaving a trail behind while the milk adulterated with water will flow fast without leaving a trail.
Place a magnet nearby these materials.
Place a magnetic compass on the cardboard and mark the position.
Place a potted plant in a dark room for about 2 days to destarch its leaves.
Place a prism on a table and keep a white screen near it.
Place a sample of tap water on a clean watch glass and place it over a beaker containing water, as shown in the figure.
Place a small iron nail in it.
Place a stone on the top of the plastic wrap.
Place a string along the curved line.
Place an inverted funnel over the plant.
Place an object between them.
Place it gently over the pins and place a small book on the top of the balloon.
Place it on a graph sheet and draw the outline of the leaf with a pencil.
Place it on the curved line starting from one end.
Place one drop of each liquid on a separate glass plate.
Place some soaked pea or bean seeds around the pot in the sand.
Place the egg on the mouth of the flask.
Place the small twig in the water with red ink.
Place two or three unripe tomatoes in a brown paper bag with a ripe bananas and roll the top closed.
Place two thick sheets and keep a heavy object, such as brick, on the top to apply pressure.
Pluck a variegated leaf from Coleus plant kept in sunlight.
Pluck the selected covered leaf and remove the black paper.
Pluck the stamens of these flowers and dust the pollen grains in a sheet of paper and collect it.
Position the mirror and the paper at the same location for few moments.
Pour few drops of oil onto the paper and rub it gently with your finger.
Pour some water in it and keep it for 20 days.
Pour some water in the pipe from the top.
Pour some water into the tube and observe the balloon.
Pour the water in a black t-shirt filtering the micro-beads out.
Pour water regularly and maintain the plant.
Prepare 5% of barium chloride (5g of BaCl2 in 100 ml of water) and sodium sulphate solutions separately.
Prepare a chart showing the food items which are preferable and which should be avoided to prevent high blood pressure and heart disease.
Prepare a diet chart to provide balanced diet to a 12 year old boy/girl.
Prepare a list of Indian satellites from Aryabhatta to the latest along with their purposes.
Prepare a paste of wheat flour with water in a vessel.
Prepare a poster about the astronomers.
Prepare a poster showing the endangered species separately.
Prepare a report on the benefits of regular exercise.
Prepare an album about the satellite programmes of India.
Prepare vermicompost from organic waste materials present in your school surroundings and garden.
Press anywhere on the ball.
Press one pin onto the pointed tip and other pin at a point about one or two mm away.
Punch holes with a nail in a vertical line on the side of the can as shown in figure.
Punch three holes on its side in the same direction, but at different heights.
Punch three holes on its sides at the same height from its base.
Pure breeding tall plant is crossed with pure breeding dwarf plant.
Pure honey burns while adulterated honey with sugar solution gives a cracking sound.
Put a magnet on a table and place some paper clips nearby.
Put a straight pencil into a tank of water or beaker of water at an angle of 45° and look at it from one side and above.
Put all the organic wastes like food waste and plant leaf in your school campus, cover it with soil.
Put some coloured things such as pieces of bangles and beads inside it.
Recently in 2018, Nipah virus was in the headlines of the daily newspaper.
Record final temperature of the solution.
Record the number of lifts each student was able to do.
Record the observation.
Record the temperature at regular intervals and it will remain at 0 0C until whole ice is converted to liquid.
Record the temperature each 30 seconds while the liquid is being converted to solid.
Record your findings and note the difference observed.
Record your observation.
Record your observation.
Record your observations for a week.
Record your observations in the table.
Record your observations in your notebook.
Record your observations.
Remove the leaf.
Repeat the activity with dilute sulphuric acid, glucose and alcohol solutions.
Repeat the experiment by placing the jaws of the Vernier at different position of the object.
Repeat the procedure a number of times.
Repeat the process 20 to 30 times as shown in the diagram.
Report your observations and what you infer from that?.
Report your observations with the chemical equation.
Reverse the direction of the current, you will find the magnetic circles are clockwise.
Rhizobium bacteria live in such nodes.
Rinse your mouth with water.
Rocket also moves almost similar to this.
Rotate the stone to describe a circular path with constant speed by holding the thread at the other end.
Round off the number 1.864 to two decimal places.
Rub your foot on a carpet floor and touch a door knob.
Rubber,wood and plastic are insulators.
SAVE it by clicking the ‘save button’ and save it in your choice of file format.
Seal the bag  with the help of a candle or with a thread.
Seismology is the branch of science that deals with the study of seismic waves.
Select ‘Path’ option.
Select one person and let others measure her/ his height individually using hand span and cubit.
Select 'Saved pictures' for video.
Select the entire picture.
Selfing the F1 hybrid plants resulted in tall and dwarf plants in F2 generation.
Separate the legs of the divider by 0.5 cm or 1 cm using a ruler.
Separate the stamens and carpels and observe the parts.
Set up a compost pit within your school compound.
Shake each test tube five times and observe the height of the lather in each sample.
Silver metal is the best reflector of light.
Similarly, sound travels in the form of a wave.
Sit together in groups of three.
Slide it along its length in one direction slowly till the other end is reached.
Slowly and carefully add sodium hydroxide solution to sulphuric acid.
Small amount of matter has many millions of molecules in it (1 million = 10 lakhs).
Smash the boiled potato.
So, it rushes through the mouth of the flask, thus pushing the egg into the flask.
So,cooking is difficult at higher altitude.
So,water boils even at 80oC.
Soak the green gram seeds in water over night.
Sodium reacts with water and darts across the surface of water.
Sound also travels in a medium in the same manner.
Sow watermelon seeds in another pot.
Spread some iron filings collected from the sand uniformly on a sheet of white paper placed on a table.
Spread some iron pins, stapler pins, iron nails, small pieces of paper, a scale, an eraser and a plastic cloth hanger on a wooden table.
Sprinkle a few pinches of coffee powder in a glass of water.
Sprinkle some water whenever it is dry.
Stand before the mirror in your dressing table or the mirror fixed in a steel almirah.
Stand erect and wave your hands in side wards.
Stand on loose sand.
Stand on the top of a table and drop them simultaneously from the same height.
stir the content very well.
Strike a metal utensil with a metal spoon.
Strike it at its edge with a spoon.
Such a magnetic sense is called magneto-reception.
Suspend a bar magnet from a rigid support using a thread.
Switch on the circuit.
Switch on the music in the mobile phone and place it in the jar.
Symbolically represent the following atoms using atomic number and mass number.
Tabulate the differences between the sounds produced by the various sources.
Tabulate the distance covered by a bus in a heavy traffic road in equal intervals of time and do the same for a train which is not in an accelerated motion.
Tabulate the observations.
Tabulate your observations and Spread some steel pins on a wooden board and bring an iron nail near them.
Take 5 beakers with water and label it as A, B, C, D, E.
Take 50ml of water in two beakers and label them as A and B and Note the temperature of the water from beaker A and B.
Take 5ml of the test solution in a test tube and add a few drops of Phenolphthalein, Methyl orange and sodium carbonate in it.
Take a 20 ml pipette.
Take a balloon and blow air into it.
Take a bar magnet and suspend it from a support.
Take a battery, a bulb, a switch and few connecting wires.
Take a battery, few wire pieces, a bulb, a nail and a pencil lead.
Take a beaker and fill it half with fresh tap water and heat it.
Take a beaker half filled with copper sulphate solution.
Take a bell jar and a mobile phone.
Take a big blown up balloon.
Take a burning candle near a bubble containing hydrogen gas, the flame goes off with a ‘Popping’ sound.
Take a carbon rod from a used dry cell.
Take a cardboard and thread a wire perpendicular through it.
Take a clean test tube with holder and pour some dilute hydrochloric acid.
Take a clean test tube.
Take a coil or spring and move it forward and backward.
Take a comb and place it near some pieces of paper.
Take a condemned electronic circuit board in a TV remote or old mobile phone.
Take a conical flask and a well boiled egg, after removing its shell.
Take a convex mirror and Hold it in one hand.
Take a copper metal plate and connect it to the positive terminal of battery.
Take a cup of water and note its temperature.
Take a curved silver spoon and see the image formed by it.
Take a deep breath and feel your rib movements.
Take a few crystals of sugar. Observe them carefully with the help of a magnifying lens.
Take a few twigs of Hydrilla plant in a beaker containing pond water.
Take a flower.
Take a football since it resembles to Buckminster fullerene.
Take a glass beaker, fill it with water and place a pencil in it.
Take a glass bottle and put some leaves, twigs, waste paper and saw-dust in it.
Take a glass jar and fill it with copper sulphate solution.
Take a glass of water and put some ice cubes into it.
Take a glass trough and fill it with sand.
Take a glass tube that is open at both ends.
Take a glass tumbler and place a small cardboard on it as shown in the figure.
Take a large plastic can.
Take a large stone and a small eraser.
Take a leaf from any one of the trees.
Take a leguminous plant like pea and find out if there are any nodes.
Take a litre of boiled water and cool it.
Take a measuring cylinder and pour some water into it.
Take a metal ball and a metal ring of suitable diameter.
Take a metal dish, pour some water in it.
Take a metal shallow pan.
Take a piece of bread, pour some water on it and cover it for four days.
Take a piece of rope and tie a small stone at one end.
Take a piece of thread and tie a small piece of stone at one of its ends.
Take a pinch of silver nitrate crystals.
Take a plane mirror and focus the light coming from the Sun on a wall.
Take a plastic bag and tie it over a leaf and place the plant in light.
Take a plastic bottle.
Take a rubber ball and fill it with water.
Take a shampoo, shower gel or other product you think might have micro-beads in it.
Take a sheet of paper and Turn it into a hollow cylinder.
Take a shoe flower from a growing plant.
Take a small amount of the food sample (egg white) and put it in the test tube.
Take a small beet root vegetable and cut it into pieces.
Take a small container and place it in the middle of the large bowl.
Take a small quantity of different kinds of liquid like coconut oil, honey, water and ghee etc.
Take a squeaky toy or old mobile phone and put it inside a plastic bag.
Take a thick copper wire, clean it well and flatten it with a hammer.
Take a thin wire of length 9cm and fold it into a U-shape (Fig. 2).
Take a transparent plastic pipe.
Take a tuning fork and strike its prongs on a rubber pad.
Take a white cloth with turmeric powder stain.
Take a young potato.
Take about 10 ml of dilute hydrochloric acid in a test tube and add a few pieces of zinc granules into it.
Take about 50 ml of toilet cleaning acid in a beaker.
Take an iron block and a wooden block of same mass (say 1kg each).
Take an iron block and a wooden block of same size.
Take another test tube and pour some water along with some coconut oil.
Take bottles containing sugar, starch and wheat flour.
Take care not to damage the stigma.
Take few ice cubes in a container and heat them for some time.
Take it as M.
Take it as N.
Take it as V1.
Take metal rods of copper, aluminium, brass and iron.
Take number of heart beats per minute as 75, approximately.
Take one or two drops of butter milk on a slide and spread it.
Take one or two drops of hay (In tamil,vaikol) decoction on a slide and observe it under the microscope.
Take out the seeds and strain the water.
Take pea seeds soaked in water overnight.
Take samples A, B, C, D, E and add water to the respective beaker.
Take samples of water from different sources (like a tube well, a lake, a pond or a river) and pour equal quantities of each sample of water into different test tubes.
Take sodium hydroxide solution in one test tube and vinegar or lemon juice in another test tube.
Take solutions of hydrochloric acid or sulphuric acid.
Take some amount of water and cooking oil in two separate vessels.
Take some anhydrous copper (II) sulphate powder and place it in a watch glass.
Take some crushed ice cubes in a beaker and note down the temperature using thermometer.
Take some hot water in a cup and put a silver spoon in it.
Take some ice cubes in an air tight container and note the weight of the container with ice cubes.
Take some iron filings in a paper and place a magnet near them.
Take some lemon juice in a tumbler and add baking soda slowly.
Take some powdered iron filings and mix it with sulphur.
Take some seeds of the fruits you eat and mix it with compost.
Take some solution of sodium sulphate in a conical flask and some solution of barium chloride in a test tube.
Take some water in a beaker and spread a tissue paper on the surface of the water.
Take some water in a glass and put the wires in the water as shown in the figure.
Take some water in a vessel and heat it on a stove.
Take sulphuric acid in one test tube and a solution of sodium hydroxide in another tube.
Take the pipette out of the mouth and quickly close it with the fore finger.
Take the pipette out the liquid and keep it such a way that the circular mark on the stem is at the level of the eyes.
Take the root nodules of any pulse or leguminous plant available in your locality.
Take the tray of an empty match box and stretch a rubber band around it, along its length.
Take these balls and drop them in dry and arid areas.
Take three equal sized plane mirror strips and arrange them in such a way that they form an equilateral triangle.
Take turns lifting a bottle with water as many times as you can.
Take two clean test tubes.
Take two identical flasks and fill one flask with water to 250 cm3 mark and the other with kerosene to the same 250 cm3 mark.
Take two liquids of different densities say water and oil to a same level in two plastic containers.
Take two pieces of wire, an LED light and a battery, and make a simple electric circuit.
Take two plane mirrors and keep them perpendicular to each other.
Take two pots with similar plants.
Take two stones and strike them together and listen to the sound produced by them.
Take two test tubes and couple of rust free iron nails.
Take two test tubes.
Test the leaf now with iodine solution for the presence of starch.
That is why a thin layer of silver is deposited on the side of materials like plane glass sheets, to make mirrors.
That is why they will not be set very tightly.
The above activity can be done in a circular container/ bin and kept in shady place with optimal temperature and light.
The acid must be added slowly and carefully with constant stirring to water since it generates large amount of heat.
The age at which it should be given.
The air in the atmosphere tends to occupy the low pressure region in the flask.
The amount of energy in food items is measured by the unit kilo calorie.
The amount of water vapour present in the air is known as humidity.
The answer is in finding the mass per unit volume of kerosene and water in respective flasks.
The astronauts have devices in their helmets which transfer the sound waves from their voices into radio waves and transmit it to the ground (or other astronauts in space).
The balloon starts bulging outwards.
The balloon tied at the bottom stretches and bulges out.
The bus covers unequal distance in equal intervals of time but the train covers equal distances in equal intervals of time.
The cardboard falls off the ground and
the coin falls into the glass tumbler.
The covered part of the leaf does not turn blue-black whereas the uncovered part of the leaf turns blue-black colour.
The cylinder will be attracted by the rod.
The diameter of the magnetar is 20 kilometer and its mass is 2 to 3 times that of the Sun. Its magnetic field is so enormous and lethal that it is capable of absorbing all the iron atomsfrom the bloodstream (hemoglobin) of a living body even if it is positioned at a distance of 1000 km from it.
The diet chart should include food item which are not expensive and are commonly available in your area.
The electric eel is a species of fish which can give electric shocks of upto six hundred fifty watts of electricity.
The ends of the compass needle point approximately towards the geographic north and south direction.
The experiment is repeated for different positions of the unknown weight.
The first electroscope developed in 1600 by William Gilbert was called versorium.
The first mention of these structures was found in the book, ‘On Burning Mirrors’, written by the mathematician Diocles.
The first parabolic mirrors were constructed by Heinrich Hertz, a German physicist, in the form of reflector antennae in the year 1888.
The flask filled with water will be heavier than the one filled with kerosene Why?.
The force of attraction or repulsion is greater when the charged objects are closer.
The formation of rainbow is an example of dispersion of white light.
The gas burns with a pop sound.
The gas trapped in the bag will cause tomatoes to ripen.
The ice cubes melt and become water.
The ice cubes melt and disappear.
The magnet has to be moved in one direction only.
The magstripe is made up of tiny iron-based magnetic particles in a thin plastic film.
The materials which allow electric charges to pass through them easily are called conductors of electricity.
The metal would be attracted to charged bodies brought near.
The most powerful magnet in the universe is actually a neutron star called magnetar (magnetic neutron star) located in the Milky Way Galaxy.
The near end becomes positively charged due to deficit of electrons.
The north pole of the suspended magnet will move away.
The pencil appears to be bent at the surface of water.
The positive charges at the near end remain held due to attractive forces and the electrons inside the metal becomes zero.
The presence of magnetite in their beaks enables them to sense the magnetic field of the Earth.
The principle behind the working of a parabolic mirror has been known since the Greco-Roman times.
The reading are tabulated as follows.
The reading are tabulated as follows:
The remaining parts of the line can be measured using a scale.
The seismic wave formed during earthquake is an
The speed attained by this train is around 500 km/hr.
The speed of sound increases with increase in humidity.
The steel pins stick to the iron nail because nail has become a temporary magnet.
The strip on the back of a credit card/debit card is a magnetic strip, often called a magstripe.
The substances which does not conduct heat easily are called bad conductors or insulators.
The temperature, at which the ferromagnetic material becomes paramagnetic is called the curie temperature.
The thermal energy that is produced at this temperature is not sufficient enough for baking or cooking.
The tomatoes remain unripe in the second bag.
The types of vaccines available there.
The unit of amplitude is ‘metre’ (m).
The unit of frequency is hertz (Hz).
The unit of wavelength is metre (m).
The vacuum flask was invented by Scottish scientist Sir James Dewar in 1892.
The versorium was simply a metal needle allowed to pivot freely on a pedestal.
The volume of the stone is equal to the raise in the volume of water.
The volume of water in the vessel decreases.
The water is let out by the leaves.
The water may just dribble out from the top hole, but with increased speed at the bottom holes as depth causes the water to squirt out with more pressure.
The water will diffuse across the membrane due to osmosis and raise the level of the solution in the funnel.
The world’s first ice-calorimeter was used in the year 1782 by Antoine Lavoisier and Pierre-Simon Laplace, to determine the heat generated by various chemical changes.
The yellow part is yolk.
Then a person can touch it without being shocked.
Then click on ‘Next’ and give animation to the videos.
Then cut the carrot into half length wise and observe.
Then fill the can with water.
Then run some 100 metres and observe the rib movements.
Then wash the slide gently with water.
Then we have to open this picture in the ‘Inkscape’ software.
Then, add 5g of sample A into the beaker A and stir well until it dissolve completely.
Then, count the number of squares that are more than half.
Then, flick the cardboard quickly.
Then, pluck the stretched rubber band with your index finger.
Then, through ‘Settings’, change the format of the video.
There are three types of iron ores. They are: Hematite (69%of Iron), Magnetite (72.4% of Iron) and Siderite (48.2% of Iron).
There is a provision for editing the picture.
These are removed by sorting, hand picking, washing etc.
These bubbles are oxygen gas dissolved in water.
These ultrasonic waves help them to locate their way and the prey.
They do not move away.
They have visible adulterants like marble, sand grit, stones, etc.
They used an amalgam of tin and mercury for this purpose.
They were also studied in the 10th century, by a physicist called Ibn Sahl.
Think and find, is it a good idea to separate bran from flour?.
This accounts for the use of water as common coolant.
This can be seen on the opposite side of the Sun.
This can be transferred to an empty beaker by removing the fore finger.
This confirms that metal displaces hydrogen gas from the dilute acid.
This has to be done such that the stone does not touch the walls of the measuring cylinder.
This indicates that pressure depends on density of the liquid.
This is because inside the mirrors, vehicles will appear to be coming at a long distance.
This is because the density of air decreases with increase in humidity.
This is called as electroplating.
This is due to the chemical effect of current.
This is exactly the same as how radio at your home works.
This is one of the methods to produce artificial magnets.
This is the deposit of dissolved salts present in water.
This makes the neutral rod a positively charged rod.
This makes water sweet in taste. The sugar molecules are extremely small; that is why we are not able to see them.
This reduces the pressure of the air in theflask.
This shows that the given salt contains water of crystallization.
This time, take two sheets of paper having same mass and crumple one of the sheets into a ball.
This will give you the length of a curved line.
This will help grow plants in areas where there is no plant cover.
This will help new plants to grow.
Thomas Alva Edison, in 1877 invented the phonograph, a device that played the recorded sound.
Throw a stone into a pool of still water.
Tie a plastic bag around each bud so that no outside material can enter inside.
Tie one end of the cylinder with a silk thread and hang it from a stand.
To learn and know more about balanced food, Go to google or browser and type ninindia nutrition games
To provide background music, we can select a music file through 'Select Music' and click on 'Next'.
To see your entire body in a mirror, the mirror should be atleast half of your height.
To this water add table salt (25 g) from first packet.
Touch it after some time.
Touch the bulb now.
Touch the pan gently with your index finger.
Touch the sides of test tube.
Touch the surface of the water.
Try to classify the following as organic and inorganic compounds.
Try to know more about other parts of cockroach with the help of your teacher.
Turn the sides every two to three days.
Under same conditions of temperature and pressure if you collect 3 litre of O2, 5 litre of Cl2 and 6 litre of H2.
Using a hydrophone and seismometer one can study these waves and record them.
Using a tooth pick or ice-cream stick, scrap superficial cells from inner side of the cheek and spread it on a clean glass slide.
Using beads make a chain reaction model.
Using standard masses find the mass of some objects.
Using the formula find the diameter of the object.
Using the periodic table, list out the radioac_x0002_tive elements.
Using Vernier caliper find the outer diameter of your pen cap.
Using your pulse count the time taken by each of them to complete the race.
Visit a bio-gas plant in your area with your teacher.
Visit a fish farm near your locality and collect information about the following: a) Different types of pond you see b) Different varieties of fishes in the pond c) Type of feed and their ingredients used to prepare feed.
Visit a food storage godown in your area and know about the methods followed to preserve the food.
Visit a Krishi Vigyan Kendra in your area with your teacher.
Visit a library and gather more information about the achievements of Kalpana Chawla.
Visit a nearby Anganwadi centre and find the steps taken by the government to overcome malnutrition and ensure health in the age group 0-5 years.
Visit a nearby nursery and observe how Sphagnum is used in horticulture and make a note on it.
Visit a nearby nursery.
Visit a nearby Primary Health Centre and collect information about vaccination given to children of 0-15 years.
Visit those places and collect more information about them.
Wait for a few minutes.
Wait for a few seconds to burn fully.
Wait for a moment, let it oscillate and In a short time it will come to rest.
Wait for a moment, let it oscillate.
Wait for a while for the ice cubes to become water.
Wait for about 10 minutes.
Wait for the pea seeds to germinate.
Wait for three weeks and then you can use this as manure for the plants in your school.
Wait for two to three days to bloom.
Wait, watch and After some time you would find fine copper deposited over the carbon rod.
Wash it thoroughly with water and then rinse it with the given liquid.
Wash it throughly with water.
Wash the cloth with washing soap.
Watch the sky in the early morning.
Watch the youtube video.
Water comes out from all the holes with the same force and falls on the ground or table, at the same distance from the bottle.
Water droplets are seen on the inner walls of the test tube.
Water from the lowest hole comes out with the greatest force and the water from the topmost hole comes out with the least force.
Water has higher heat capacity than most other substances.
Water is the only matter on the Earth that can be found naturally in all three states - Solid, Liquid and Gas.
Water one of the plants with tap water and the other with sea water.
Water will take more time to get heated. Why?.
Wavelength is the distance between two consecutive particles, which are in the same phase of vibration.
Waves travelling through the layers of the Earth due to explosions, earthquakes and volcanic explosions are called seismic waves.
We can give audio effect also to these images.
We will study about this now.
Weave the refill spinner in the U-shaped wire (Fig. 3).
Weigh the flask after the chemical reaction is occurred.
Weigh the flask with its contents.
Weigh them and measure their mass.
Wet a slice of bread, and keep it in a cool, moist and dark place.
What caused the temperature change?.
What change do you observe on the surface of the water?.
What did you observe?.
What differences do you infer?.
What do you feel?.
What do you feel?.
What do you hear?.
What do you infer from this?.
What do you infer?.
What do you notice?
What do you observe after 6 or 7 days? Record your observation.
What do you observe?
What do you observe? .
What do you observe?.
What do you observe?.
What do you see on the watch glass?.
What do you see?
What do you see? You can observe that white light splits into seven colored light rays namely, violet, indigo, blue, green, yellow, orange and red (VIBGYOR) on the screen.
What do you see?.
What do you see?.
What do you understand from this activity?
What do you understand from this?.
What happens to the sugar crystals?
What happens?.
What happens?.
What is its name?.
What is Nipah virus?.
What is the aim of such practice?.
What will you see?.
What would you think if you were to observe a tree at the same time?.
When a substance is heated to 500°C the radiation begins to become visible to the eye as a dull red glow, and it is sensed as warmth by the skin.
When all the water has evaporated from the watch glass, remove it from the burner and let it cool.
When do you get up?.
When do you go to bed?.
When electric current is passed through the copper sulphate solution, you will find that a thin layer of copper metal is deposited on the iron spoon and an equivalent amount of copper is lost by the copper plate.
When sugar dissolves in water, the sugar crystals break down and the molecules of sugar get distributed in water.
When the beaker is heated just below the crystals, by a small flame, purple streaks of water rise upwards and fan outwards.
When the homepage opens click pyramid game drag and drop the each foodmitem in the pyramid.
When the negatively charged plastic rod is brought close to the neutral rod, the free electrons move away due to repulsion and start piling up at the farther end.
When the neutural rod is grounded, the negative charges flow to the ground.
When the paper is burning in the flask, the oxygen present in the air inside the conical flask is used up for its combustion.
When the rod is removed from the ground, the positive charges continue to be held at the near end.
When the temperature of the far ends reach the melting point of wax, the matches drop off.
When the wax is melted entirely, remove it from the bath, dry it and then bury it in sand.
When white light passes through them, it is split into seven colours.
Which iron nail gets rusted and why?.
Which objects are not attracted?
Which one has more volume and occupies more volume?
Which one is heated first?.
Which one of them has more mass?.
Which path gives the shortest distance to reach D from A?.
Which water is hard?.
Which water is soft?.
White material is albumin which solidifies on boiling.
Why are bubbles formed in the solution?
Why are cases of Dengue reported in large numbers during post-monsoon season?.
Why are the changes in colour noted in the covered and uncovered part of the leaf?.
Why did it happen?.
Why does the paper catches fire?.
Why does this happen?.
Why does this occur?.
Why? At a higher altitude, due to lack of atmospheric pressure the boiling point of a substance reduces.
Will the balloon burst?
Will the pins prick the balloon?
Wind a wire on its upper end.
With the help of your teacher gather information about the achievements of India in space research.
With the resources such as paper plates, tea cups, thread and sticks available at home make a model of an ordinary balance.
Wood, cork, cotton, wool, glass, rubber, etc are insulators.
Wrap the seeds in wet thin cloth.
Wrap the two ends of the wire on the plastic refill,leaving enough clearance for the spinner to rotate (Fig. 4).
Write about the similarities and dissimilarities found among them, in your note book.
Write its economic importance.
Write the shape of the bacteria and virus observed.
Write their vernacular name, binomial name and classify them into dicotyledons or monocotyledons in the given table.
You are given a long iron nail, insulation coated copper wire and a battery.
You can also add a few drops of lemon juice to it, Stir it and give it to the person suffering from vomiting, loose motion or dehydration.
You can notice that the temperature will rise up to 1000C and it will retain the same even after continuous heating until the whole mass of water in the beaker is vaporized.
You can notice the powder turning blue and  a test for water.
You can observe that ice is melting to form water.
You can observe that in some parts of the coil the turns will be closer and in some other parts the turns will be far apart.
You can observe that the metal ball can easily go through it.
You can observe that white light is coming out of the second prism.
You can observe this single cell without any magnifying devices.
You can see a gas burning near the mouth showing its combustible nature.
You can see many things: a row of houses, large trees, small plants, flying birds, running cars and many more.
You can see that the north pole of the magnet is directed towards the geographic north.
You can see that the paper pieces are attracted by the comb now.
You can see the balloon moving in a direction opposite to the direction of the air.
You can see the beautiful patterns.
You can see the images of the object.
You can see the outline of the leaf on the graph sheet.
You can see the pattern as shown in the figure.
You can see three images.
You can see water condensing inside the plastic bag.
You can see your video now.
You can throw those balls while you are travelling.
You can wrap the entire piece with coloured papers to make it attractive.
You may have heard about the ‘Sun Dial’.
You must have seen brass statues in museums and places of worship.
You should make yourself as small as possible by squating.
You will find that the sound produced by the stones underwater is feeble and not very clear.
You will find that your body will not go that deep into the sand Why?.
You will get the vector graphics of the drawn picture.
You will hear a louder sound.
You will hear a low sound.
You will observe that the magnet is oriented in the same direction.
You will see drops of solution oozing out of the cut stem due to root pressure.
You will see small bubbles appearing on the side of the beaker long before the water reaches its boiling point.
Your feet go deep into the sand.

